al al
[Music]
he Oh
H
[Music]
[Music] [Music
]
[Music]
P
kita Oh
[Music]
B Oh
Ho Oh
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
k [
Music]
B [
ha
[Music]
pap
[Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
[Applause]
what I thought
about loving
Not that kisses are given away on any
corner I who thought that loving
was just a game but I look at you and I'm
dying to
have you you to me to invest my life in making
you excited and I
[Music]
gone the time that was
lost  and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you Let's go being the moment of
having you in
front of me pa pa pa [
Music]
pa if the world separates I'll stay
with you if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you
if you want me to stay I'll
stay
with you because things matter to me and
when I smile I turn around and
I'm
with you
Things that were attacking a
person my life to
excite you and
[Music]
yoan the game the time that was
lost I ask you Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that breathes on
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have
you
[Music]
in front of me to pour my life into
illusion art and
I will win the game the time that
was
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this path and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you
I me
l Well how How the afternoon presents itself
Good  afternoons family forgive me I know that
yesterday I promised to do a live show I know that yesterday
night I suggested you do a live show
but I got carried away eh these are things that happen not
often not often
these things are not unexpected let's see I thought I knew what was on offer
But I thought
that maybe at 12:30 I would be
home around here starting then I got
home at 2:30 3 in the morning and
obviously
at that time and affected I'm not going to do
a live show okay
eh in another order of things okay It's
okay because this way today more relaxed We will
probably be here for a couple of hours
three as long as it takes I'm going to try to
do as much content as possible until
Big Brother starts which you already know
that we are following on this channel and
We're going to review some information
that has been coming out I don't know what you think
eh I have also uploaded a video to the
main Channel but not only have I
uploaded a video to the main Channel
but tonight there is another video on the
main channel as well okay I'll leave it there for
everyone if they want to enjoy that
content apart from Teresa's to seo
Well I will  I invite you okay
eh I have the Editors exhausted but
when I finish the live I'm also going to try to
record a newscast that I have
here that I haven't been able to record because
right now no one has started no one has been
able to start editing so eh I'm
going to do this live we're going to talk about
things I don't know if now in the afternoon at
this time there will be a lot of people here
okay let me announce it on WhatsApp okay I announce it
on WhatsApp but
people don't really care if I announce it on
WhatsApp or not I mean I don't WhatsApp I don't
stop promoting it always
WhatsApp
okay we're on telesalseo we're starting the
afternoon come on over things are really
strong and today we're saying when
Marina Esnal is coming back today we're setting a date
okay I say it but I don't know if many
people pay attention to the WhatsApp thing okay And
besides it's not that but I promote
WhatsApp a lot on my Twitter and
everywhere and and WhatsApp is is
in caete I don't know if I should give it more stick eh or
insist more on it But anyway let's get
up let's get this thing up
tonight and this afternoon and this month
Okay as I said video in the
main channel I just uploaded it
a lot of people had asked me to talk about the
celebrity's house and everything that was
happening if it works I'll keep talking
okay if it works I'll keep talking about that
topic and at night we have a controversy
with an English speaking youtuber who
uh Well something very viral and
very strong happened and it had to be discussed okay
over here I'm thinking of doing this
live today to cover various topics so that
the lollipop has all the content
uh And I'm thinking of recording a
newscast if I have time before
Big Brother starts In fact I would
like to record one for telesalseo and
another for la salsería I have
a newscast ready to record and
at night after Big Brother I
will comment on the topic with Lorena
okay I don't know are you all following
Big Brother or are you interested in
Lorena and I making those videos or
what Because of course they are videos that we have to
record very late they are videos that we
have to record very late and if you are not
going to be interested then I won't do it okay I think that
I think that
this Big Brother that has a casting is interesting
very curious I've been seeing
some things around on Twitter okay I've been
seeing some things around on Twitter there have
already been some arguments but I'm
going to wait anyway Lizardo a
kiss because I prefer to watch the debate Let's see the thing is
that 24 hours is almost impossible to
follow for any normal person
I know that there are a lot of people who are on
Twitter there watching it 24 hours a
day but I can't so based on
clipped clips of which I don't know the
context And how they are born I prefer to wait for
the galas and the debates and the
summaries and there I see it there are not
many people who say that it has been the worst
premiere of Big Brother in history
but nevertheless I think that it has not gone
badly I mean I have seen
the movement quite powerful on networks and those are
things that I think I
understand a little okay in the end also
the television okay in the end also the television is not going to
have the same
audiences as before never the television
Let's see there are more media there are already many digital platforms there is a lot of YouTube there is a lot of Streaming also not only on YouTube but also on
Twitch on kik there isn't much content and
people are already sharing it out That's how it is
okay Well they just made me a visa I
just received a notification of
a visa from
uh from an anonymous person who
I love very much okay it's anonymous but it's
a person that I love very much and I'm
very happy to read you here that you
sent me a visa I thank you from the bottom of my
heart we'll have dinner we'll have dinner today to your
health thank you very much and I send you a
huge kiss I would like to start the
live with the celebrations no I think that
I think that the live shows have to
always start with celebrating And just like I
always boast about the gentlemen it
would always be like Oh look at the
gentlemen this the
gentlemen I know how many members today
So I think today I have to
show off the
kids today it's my turn to boast about my
kids today it's my
turn to boast about the kids
4523 members is the record number of members
that I've ever had in my life in the
salsería the record was if I'm not
mistaken in 2020 I think it was at the
end  of the year 2020 and the record was
at
3370 which we looked at the other day okay And
well the other day yesterday without further ado
they gave away 1 and a half members we were already
there in the record at the
Psychological Barrier serve a kiss
my beautiful and yesterday They went crazy especially
Auriel who gave away an incredible handful I don't
even know how many hundreds of members and we
reached
4523 I hope they keep them okay The
bar is already set with a goal of 5000
which I already think let's see I think
this is going to be my record I mean I think
this is no longer
impossible I think I think this is not
even going to be maintained because of course
people have to keep renewing and
whether you like it or not in the end I have an
average of 2000 3000 sometimes 4000
viewers not in the live shows of the
salsería and here well it depends on the
topics man here to be interested a little
more or less the same depending on the
topics and the times no and and I think I think I do
n't think that this record  it's never
going to be surpassed
okay I think this record is never
going to be surpassed here but anyway I'm
putting it here because it's a cause for
celebration and Hey hey just in case just in case
here the
gentlemen here we are with 1323 Hey
that's not bad at all Amparo a kiss
beautiful my queen that's not bad at all a
not inconsiderable amount 1323 members
But hey there you have a pulse with the
kids eh curious and I would also
love that I haven't done it
privately because look because I'm stoned
and I go as I go I would also love to
congratulate our Carmen who has
reached 10,000 subscribers okay I
assume that everyone who is
subscribed to teles salseo or at least
who watches us who are watching this
live are subscribed to Carmen But
anyway if there's someone who isn't then
over there No look my God Marina how
nice to see you honey Look Marina was there
My treasure how happy how
happy to see you here Marina you've
moved me girl how happy beautiful we are you
know I'm looking forward to you coming back I
'm not looking forward to you coming back with Javi  a
kiss darling Thank you so much Oh I was
so excited to see you here Marina
darling kiss Thank you thank you
you have a lot to do with
this too Thank you so much Marina
precious up and up and up there we go
There we go Marina There we go a kiss darling
Thank you so much We miss you in
no time at all we want you
here in no time at all eh in no time we
want you here now Marina we
need you for the toilets the Campos the ma
We need all this We need you
Marina and Javi needs you he is very
lost without you he needs you there
to guide him Thank you so much Marina
precious And Marinaita how excited I was that I
really want him to
come back I loved him when I was
with Javi also that well you know
that thanks to Mar I collaborate with Javi
thanks to Marina to Marina and other
people who also always wanted you to
collaborate JJ a moderator that I had
but above all Marina was the one who
brought us a little bit there brought us a little bit to Javi
how exciting to see you here Marina Well
I like him well see you soon we are  looking forward to seeing you Looking forward to seeing
you Marina I didn't
remember eh that Marina hasn't approached
me I have
always liked Carmen Even though we were Even though
we had different positions in such
but you see I mean like I've always
thought super more to Carmen I mean that
destiny would have would have united us
Likewise Carmen a kiss to Manui who
just gave away five members
Thank you very much Today we set a date today we
set a date
today yes yes yesterday I was going to give him the
exclusive FJ Because as I got caught up with the
drinks and such and and FJ was live I don't
know if I got the notification or he
spoke to me on WhatsApp to tell me something or
whatever and I was going to give him the exclusive I mean
so that he can say it so that you have it
no longer since I haven't fulfilled But
when I wrote to him eh he had
closed the live So today yes we
are at
eight we are at eight
eh There are not many days left but they are not left either Let's
see Marina's return is not imminent I mean it is Let's
see I'm going to tell you the day I'm going to
tell you the day in this live okay in
this live  when we close the live I'm
going to tell you the exact day it's not
imminent I mean it's not imminent it's not
tomorrow it's not the day after okay but I'm
going to tell you in advance that it's this
month okay this month Marina
will be among the gossip this month it's Marina's Sundays and Wednesdays okay this month they are okay No it's not imminent I'm going to tell you the date before the live ends but I'm telling you that it's this month this month won't close without Marina on
telesalseo okay I'll
give you a date before the
live ends but this one is here for me
Marina already
eh I think you had already caught on No
that we've already thrown out a lot of hints
okay And this one we have our marinilla
here we'll give it a go and well these
topics I've already told you that these topics are going to be they're
going to be removed here because we're
going to give it a go with tes
salseo again we're going to put tesaro back in
in the elite of the heart let's say no and
Then obviously we're not going to be
mentioning these characters But
well they've served us a bit of filler
too I'm telling you eh  Uh well they've
sent me this statement regarding the issue
of this boycott that they were
doing okay I also have to tell you
that tomorrow they're going to confirm it to me
tomorrow they're going to confirm it to me
but it seems that the decision to
cancel the second part of the
presentation
uh that in addition they didn't just
remove me but they also removed
Luis Garrido Julbe a super
professional journalist who is based in
Thailand and who knows a lot about the subject
apart from knowing a lot about Asia as
such I don't have to tell you that what they're
telling me is that it had
absolutely nothing to do with it nor was it taken
into account in the decision that there were
people boycotting much less the
clicks that they sent him okay when they
call me from
somewhere you know who I am today you know
who they're calling okay I understand
that there are people okay I understand that there are
many people who wish that I couldn't
dedicate myself to this that they say [ __ ] but
this guy from the neighborhood who kind of doesn't even know how to
speak how is it possible that they call him from
universities to give presentations how is it
possible that they call him from TV to
do  this to do the other how is it
possible that it has had 20 million
visits this month 4000 members I know that there are
many people even who have joined
with people who between themselves Well, they would have disgusted each other
in real life and would never
have crossed a word in their [ __ ]
life if it weren't for the hatred of the
common enemy, okay And they have made
like pineapples and very strange movements
to see if between all of us United we would
shake hands and let each other But
this Unfortunately it is going to continue being like this
okay or so It seems that It's good that there is
something that people like about
me eh And that and that they are going to continue
calling me for these things okay It
seems that this Well, it has not been what has
happened but there have been other
internal movements Uh yes,
many messages arrived, not only from one
person, not only that screenshot that they
published But it is not what has been taken
into account it has been canceled for
other reasons of schedules and
structure of the university basically
Okay and of the syllabus But of course,
although I am a person who has not
been to university precisely or anything like that,
I am a person who has
learned a lot  things
throughout this life yes, I am a
person who knows how to communicate if not I
couldn't dedicate myself to what I do okay And
yes, I am a person who hurts more or
less okay I know that my people
love it but there are also many people who are
hurt by the Daniel Sancho issue,
the Daniel Sancho case as such And I don't
say this in an arrogant or arrogant way
or anything like that I simply believe
that it is an objective fact the
Daniel Sancho issue we have dealt with as a
team Trium and I
okay I believe that in terms of repercussion
in terms of visits obviously me and in
terms of information and in terms of knowing about
the Trium issue okay It's not that it's that
you have taken advantage of Trium and they
called you let's see point number one
as I usually do with many colleagues
in many ions the first thing I did
when they called me to work on this
in this in this conference okay I'm already
telling you that it's not the only
conference that I'm going to work on nor have I
gone to work or I mean I think that at the end
of the year I give like three or four talks at
universities sometimes okay or  it
happens that I don't usually give notice or say because they
are not things that you are going to be able to attend, I
mean, they are things of of of there, there is
Noa yes it is true that it is not something that I
hide either sometimes I upload
photos on Instagram of some no
but I am not usually saying every
movement that I make But not for nothing
because I go crazy because I go how I
go and so on no the first thing I did
when they called me for this
presentation was to ask the
university organization to throw me to
trium
okay In
fact in
fact look
trium is my
partner and apart from being my
partner he is my friend he is a colleague
I have been to his house I know his children he is
a guy that when I started to
invite him no he was not that well known and and
nobody was in the mood to call him and Nobody
was after him to call him
suddenly when he started coming to
telesalseo
now everyone around whatever is
in telesalseo always and they already
wanted to invite him everywhere and they already
wanted to invite him to all the channels and now
everyone
okay Ed someone someone had any
doubt that I when they propose to me
thing that is related to Daniel
Sancho
no I am not trying to get
Trium to come That is in the tone in which
you handle it you
have no faith in your handsome Thank you
sweetheart Gerardo a kiss that that is in
the rolls in which you are
accustomed to moving I for better or
for worse this is my way of moving
so let me say nonsense of such
be it I the first thing I did was Hey
here here the one here the one who
also handles the subject very well and they
told me Well look I'm sorry but
we want you to be Hey it will be
surely because I am more known I don't
know okay for whatever Okay but don't
look down on
people why do you look down on people
with envy we live in a
society we live in a society in which
you
see in which you see the neighbor a
Ferrari And instead of saying Oh well look
if this one has achieved it I
can do it too I am going to work to get it we don't
want the neighbor to have that Ferrari we
want that's it I
already have thank you very much Ana
Isabel says for a beer she has a B Thank you very much
thank you very much I don't care okay or rather I don't care
obviously and  I
hope you know what I'm saying but it's not like I shouldn't have gone
well man
what do I do if they call me from the
country places all they call me for the
places so that it's related to the
tir de trium case there have been many
interviews that I have done that maybe I have
told the guest Hey can I
do it and they have told me No well now yes well
now you don't know and that's it
Nothing happens okay No no nothing happens but man it's
gotten to the extreme that I am
a nobody here Well the truth is that I
think that you are not you are not attached
to reality you are not even situated
in reality
okay this that has happened okay this that has
happened
is something that for me is not new in fact
many people who come to follow me from the
salsería and the main Channel and so on will have already
experienced it with me eh a thousand times
this thing of trying to write to the
brands and this this is no longer new
okay this is just a stalker thing I mean
you can make videos for me you
can criticize me you can do
whatever you want okay
and in the end As for relevance I think that
I'm the only gossip channel okay
except for Dallas that I have
Twitter accounts dedicated to me entire channels
dedicated to me channels eh Javi
posted this tweet Javi said I don't know
who to I don't know how much Javi that doesn't happen
with the rest of the gossip channels so I
think that apart from informing about what well
I as such okay I think they
are uh I think I'm a person who is
interested okay and we've
been living this yesterday I
suggested that you look at the
main channel when you have time Game
Over gossiping we've been
living this this is something that's going to
haunt us all our lives family This is
something that's going to haunt us all our lives there are
bad people there are people Yes
still of course to sub-sixth channel
normally few companies usually
take this into account this type of things
that harassers come or rather You
realize that you are not free and you can't
avoid there being people because I For
example if I hate
someone yes I hate someone I don't have
time to put on Oh look I
found out that this loser
this is the Troya ar idiot Oh look,
I found out that Troya works
here, I'm going to call, I haven't had time
for that, I don't have time and it doesn't seem
normal to me to do that, I don't have
time and it doesn't even cross my mind Well,
if Troya seems like an idiot to me, well I
'll tell him you're an idiot loser but I'm going to go and pick his
wallet to call the company where he
works because you must be really crazy, you must be really crazy okay there are
people there are people who have celebrated eh There are
people who have celebrated of
course
this Yesterday I couldn't do it live because
eh I
was giving a presentation at the onet about
being good
people yes I spent the whole afternoon giving
the presentation
eh For me it was a great presentation because
when they choose someone to give
a presentation at the university
remotely about being good people I had a great time okay
Come on, what I've
seen is super ridiculous with that topic,
nothing more
ridiculous What a ridiculous thing Peppa, they would
n't call you to work at a
university or for  that you give a power
in your life, come on, you won't have much
time left, I also tell you because the path
you're on is going downhill and you won't have
time to go up
but haven't you stopped to say many
times in your live shows I want you to earn a
lot of money I don't know what I don't know how much for
your family you've said it many times yes
Elena What's going on What's going on What do you want what's
going on you
know it's like what a piece of false your
word is worth absolutely never anything you
say today says a the
next day says
go you're not 10 years old or 12 years old even if I
love you even if you don't want to assume your
age Peppa you don't have them listen to me you're
not and a 70 year old woman
start making fun of this
what be happy what that's normal me Peppa
I hope and you get a lot of work so you
can pay for everything that comes to you
okay a kiss a kiss sweetheart what's going on daughter you
know what's going on daughter what's going on what's going on I hope I I hope I hope
Alena is fun and or no that I hope you get a
job Peppa I hope you get a job
someday for real  and you don't have to
be harassing people on the internet or
taking anyone's 240
I hope Hi and work and you don't have to do
the shameful things that you do on the internet
Honestly what am I going to tell you
okay but don't worry because if I don't
go to this conference I'll go to
another one in three months or so I mean yeah yeah yeah
Peppa yeah what I have is that
I have twenty million
visits a month let's see obviously This
for me hurts the people who did
it more than me as such okay okay well
one less payment Okay then that's it well
that day I'll make one more video
I know what I'm telling you you know But I wish you got a
job and you didn't dedicate yourself to what
you do then there's This okay This
is a character that I don't usually pay attention to I mean
this guy seems to me to be one of the
most pathetic and pathetic guys that I've come
across on the internet okay I don't usually pay attention to him I've
never paid attention to him I mean in
fact this guy often follows me and has been
following me for many years we've
known this guy for many
years Look I'm going  to say something about this
guy okay he posted like this tweet
like with rintintin no in 2019 someone
contacted the cultural center where I
had a contract for work and service
sending a video to discredit me they did not
renew me days ago a person
attacked me with this and today I found out that they have
done the same thing to him I will never share
these acts this is like eh A few
days ago I was throwing it in my
face that I was fired from work and
today they did it to you dosa I never
compared what happened to you with what
happened to me okay e You are a
piece of climber you have always been that you have
wanted case and precisely The other
day they invited you to a debate and you
freak out in the artos You think that
because you are a Random you can dedicate yourself
to bullying and joining the
mobs okay to you twelve The other day what I
told you was that you have been hitting the streets
since 2019 18 that we have known you
okay And the same thing you suck up to me that
the same thing I see you talking badly about me From
behind  and in 2018 or 19 I think it
was Pepe
Santos
Spain but not to m a d they have that it is
impossible for him to boycott a job About
Troy well it is complicated yes it
is true it is complicated Thank you very much
self-criticism
beautiful
eh Pepe
Santos that you talk to
today Pepe Santos exposed the issue why why
you were fired from that job
Pepe Santo with whom you talk to today and
get along okay Pepe Santo now is your
minute of glory or something like that I think it's
called okay another climber another character how does he
dance however you know what you did
when when when you tried to
feel integrated with my enemies
docetas you went around saying and Pepe Santos
went along with it that later you had to
apologize both of you went around saying that they
had that you had been fired from your
job because of me you
are a scoundrel you are a
liar and you are pathetic pathetic
you were not fired from your
job because of me you were fired from your
job because you made
inappropriate comments to a girl  in a live
and not only in a live but
then the girl came out saying
that in other places too Okay
so you're here to start messing
with Dallas, to mess with my things
with what you have to do, that girl
is my
friend today through people very close to me, you don't
need to be a university student to give
presentations Javi I live it very closely you just
need the gift of communication and to be
very informed on a specific subject the fact is that
I'm not going to be a math teacher, they
called me for the subject of
Daniel Sancho and I handle it okay In fact I
have a documentary that is about to reach a
million views my work a
million views the documentary you were
fired because you did
inappropriate things on the internet Pepe Santos
okay Pepe Santos Uh well And by the way the
people who contacted the school by
sending your video were people who are
now part of the group of bullies that
you hang out with okay Not me, simply
when the subject went viral in June and
when several youtubers were talking about the subject
Well basically  I
commented without further ado without more or less okay
em Pepe Santos leaked some of your audios
Pepe Santos who is getting his balls eaten out
today because you don't have any any
any love for yourself, I mean
people step on you and spit on you and yet
you keep hanging out with them you know and
Pepe Santos leaked your
private audios and and in those
audios you
uh that I got you the Partner in June
okay I don't remember why I think I
gave you the money
uh they leaked some of your audios where you
were
complaining that you know automatically
when Lorena My wife created the
jow account she already had the money
No
wait No wait and there were
disgusting audios of this guy uh who was sucking up to me He was sucking up to
me and in
fact he's still doing it to me uh there were
disgusting audios of this guy
saying uh that everyone is
sucking Lorenna's [ __ ] because she's my
wife I don't know I know how much while he's pissing
the ball the guy you are a  You scoundrel
you are a scoundrel it is assumed
that you had a really bad time when they kicked you out
of that school
okay you can't compare mine with
yours because I am a youtuber when they
call me I am a youtuber and I am controversial I
mean when they call me from the places you
know Who they are calling and whoever
wants to have me in a place has me as
with what I am you know who they are
calling okay you are a teacher you
cannot allow yourself to do the same thing that
I do Hey there will be a place for me where they attack me
and a place where they don't based on my content
but the thing is that you are a teacher that you
cannot dedicate yourself to doing the same
things as me or compare yourself with me
because you teach okay if you want we can
have a day and talk about what you
did and why they kicked you out because I
have everything she is a friend of mine the
girl Okay then stop comparing it
because there is no comparison okay In
fact you talk to the
bullies who contacted him with the
school and then you followed the roll to
the enemies of mine to see if they would
integrate you throwing a  I work because of me
yeah man Now I'm the one who made
the comments that you made to the
girl and I've kept quiet so as not to pay attention to you
but I'm not going to keep quiet about anyone
You made some very
unfortunate comments if you want we can deal with them
eh And we do a live show
talking extensively This is okay And the other day what I
touched you about was not throwing it in your
face that you got kicked out of school or anything, it
seemed to me it seems sick that nobody is going to
contact people's work I
mean I understand that in the end when
we're here exposed then things come in
okay but the fact of calling well it
seems so-so to me but the other day you
to join the Z mob you made
a montage for
me to prove that Dallas
supposedly which I don't know if it's true or
not but I don't understand photography nor have I
stopped because it doesn't seem like
content okay to me
and the other day you made some drawings
like a blackboard like
taking apart every detail of a photo
to prove that a kid had
retouched a photo to see if he was fat or
not fat, that doesn't seem right to me  the
behavior of a two-year-old teacher, to me
that seems like the behavior of a
bully. And if you're a teacher and you
start drawing a picture to see if
someone has
self-esteem issues or isn't editing a photo or is
putting on a filter to see if they
're fat or not fat. Okay, well, that
seems like a bully to me. And why did you do it? Well,
because normally
nobody pays attention to you. Look, if nobody pays attention to you,
the people who beat you up,
okay, normally nobody pays attention to you and you
know that by bullying that kid,
a lot of kids are going to come to you and
say, oh. In fact, the first thing
that was your tweet was you saw me because I
answered you on the tweet and all the
answers, the dog, the dog, Woof, gu, gu, gu,
Woof, Ricky Edi's fans and all
those channels, not to mess with d in case he
's fat or not fat, I
put on filters and I don't need to. I also
put on filters on Instagram to
improve the photo a little bit, to improve
the color, to have it better, it's
okay, but man, of you  You are here to
mess with anyone just because I edited a
photo and you think it's cute that you
use
your graphic design skills
so that the kids,
little ones who are bullies, applaud you.
Look, look, look, he edited here the
arm itado here the line of I
don't even like it when they do it with
dasas I have never liked it when
they have done it with Marta and I have not liked it
very much I have not liked it It's not that I don't
see him, I mean if you want to criticize him for something
another youtuber says to him if you want to
criticize me because you don't like a
video but joining that mob that day,
well, it seems like a bully to me, you understand.
So no, no, no, no, no,
your thing, mine is not comparable and if you want to
get into the subject of messing with me,
mess with Dallas and such, okay, we enter
whenever you want, if
you want, we enter whenever you want, okay, I have
no problem with any of them,
but as I already said, I learned it in the
sanctuary, goats hang out with
goats, goats with goats
cows get together with the
cows, so in the end everyone gets
together, okay,
eh, this girl read it alone, she
incriminated herself, okay, this beautiful one,
and of having organized and of having been her
Telegram group who did this,
okay, I apologize to Tania, in the
part where I apologize to Tania,
of course, the part where I
thought badly of her, okay, of course, if she was
n't the one and had nothing to do with it,
then I apologize to her, I have no
problem doing so, okay, I also
tell you, Tania, take a look and
reflect on why does everyone
think it was you?
I apologize if it wasn't you, okay,
but take a look and why does it
seem to any of us that it fit
perfectly that it was you,
only you, okay, apart from that, in
itself, it also
seems strange to me that you were
informed almost at the moment that you
had screenshots of the before and after, damn, I found
out from you, okay, this is more
of my things that I, okay, by allusions, it
wasn't that Tania, whom I don't even
know  there have been many hehe as seen
on the networks he brought it out in reason and This was
vo
populi fame entails that
ridiculous situations occur that give rise to
normal people reacting for being
a public university beautiful
beautiful if it seems normal to you if it
seems to you that
normal people are the people who defend a
quartermaster murderer allow me to
get into the
abnormal people if it seems to you that
normal people are the
people who defend a
dismembering murderer in their videos saying
that he is innocent even with the
conviction Allow me to consider myself a
normal person who puts yourself in your videos to
say that you put yourself in your videos to say
that it cannot even be proven
that Dr. Arrieta was on the
island
seems to me to go completely crazy
Yes, it would have been Elena very good.  Hey if
you want to send an audio Elena or something you
can send it eh if you want to send if you
want to send an audio you can
send it okay anyone to WhatsApp if
you want to comment on this okay as long as I did
n't insult or all the r that of
course I think it's not necessary for me to
say it okay
eh I would have flipped out if
you had given the talk beautiful okay I wish in
the law section to the
law students that you had given
the talk explaining that a guy of
whom there are videos getting off at the port
getting on the motorcycle entering the
hotel and and and that the
pieces have been found scattered all over the island that
you explain that it has not been possible to
prove that this man has been on the
island to me is that The truth is I would love I would love
okay I would
love bella regarding what
bella is saying, well they have sent me
some screenshots of the
uh screenshot of the Telegram group
this
eh And this is tremendous
your Telegram group is lunatic
bella Here they are organizing
perfectly with what program do we have to
download the
videos I'm going to see where we can complain
and prepare a written statement with the videos of
Oliveira where he is convicted of
insulting women and other colleagues
so you can see the type of people who have
taken what I tell you, I mean, these people are
supposed to not want a
person giving a lecture who
has been convicted of insulting others who
insult eh but they do defend
people convicted of
murder I never knew in my life that I
could find more lunatic people on the Internet
to me to me the internet will never cease to
amaze me eh to
me the internet will never cease to
amaze me in life what do you want me to
tell you the
truth what do you want me to tell you family
eh marusa If you want to send an audio you
can do it to the bisom number okay that's it
here okay And if you
want to
collaborate you already know that you can become a
member It's that today let's see if you want to
send super chat because you want to say
something on screen or whatever send it
okay But honestly I would love to
as a silly thing and as a personal challenge I don't
know if you  would you like it too you don't care about
that but as a challenge
to the community No since we are with
the kids with 4500 members I don't
know rise a little the members
of Teres salseo also I do
n't say eh I say Hey I'm going to listen to
this from Consuelo that you
sent me so I can see it 1 times and the
other day I was going to put it and in the end I didn't
put it Javi guilty Daniel Sancho
innocent That is the criteria as it is I mean if
before that
I prefer that I prefer that these people are the ones who are
against me I prefer that these people are the ones who are against me Of
course It can't be any other way let's see
what my Consuelo says
er things on Twitter Elena tell me what I see
about Peppa tell me a few
minutes there to see what
Peppa said and what
Loli said please what I have
here is from Troy to those who were
attacking some people eh from  a
brutally unfair way and I took a
stand and I gave them all my support that they
were Alazne was Mimi was Tesa was Pilar that's where it
all started when it started when
this person turned against the
Telesalseo channel because of what was being
questioned about Antonio David and Marca and it
started Ah a war and they started going
against these four people in a
brutal way that I didn't understand it's Live
please that the afternoon is
interesting victims or rather in the sense
that they started the attack towards these
people excessive because these people
started to question what
this other one was doing on certain channels not
like on An's eh And there was a
brutality against Alazne against Mimi
Tesa Pilar there they caught all of them
were the collateral victims of
this whole situation because we can't
compare what they had been able to say about
me that they jeered at me for having that was
where I said I say this is not normal or
rather this cannot be supported or
defended or rather that was where I started to
question all this where are you going
saying that to the line to Mimi to Tesa to
Pilar simply because  the fact of
belonging to a community to a channel and
and thinking in a way or exposing in a
way what they were exp or such eh they
for me they are the
collateral victims of this whole story that has
started after from there it
all started but the beginning As far as I remember
from where I remember my p 55 55 Thank you very much thank you very much
That's
where I started to see what was
happening and not because I saw the channels but
because everything is seen on Twitter you
know and I was seeing it on
Twitter and I say this which seemed
crazy to me And that's where it all started eh And for me I can
tell you that you have renewed it has been 10
months Thank you very much thank you very much
thank you very much And Soledad García months
and and that's where I started to see the
reality of the situation And just because of that They
started to fall on me story but I don't care if I get
whatever you want to fall on
me I don't give a damn Because first of all I
don't see it if I don't see it and if they tell me
something they tell me something they send me something
too I pass they have made a call they have made a
call taking a [ __ ] the
loser here
says  when she gave cancer 300
viewers has had responding to
this Elena Pili 300 viewers has had
responding to this eh it's very hard for me to
talk about this subject eh
so you know
eh And then clo it's very hard for you
because you're ashamed of what you've
done Peppa well ashamed I don't think she's
ashamed what happens is that there
comes a point where she gets a
little AC corroded late in another in other
live shows they talk about metings
in the audios that I'm going to put
tomorrow you can
clearly see How it
starts when she has the
check-up for her breast cancer they see
something they don't like
in Rinconcito del
pulso a kiss when she says garrafadas and
I'm sorry I'm
wrong I've never spoken more
about it but if another colleague like him is
Troy is burning And I'm sorry I have to
say it like that she said that her back was
open full of staples a kiss Thank you very much I
think I alluded in some
live show that I never heard
Loli say that her back was open with
staples Peppa is saying with all her
face that she never spoke more about Wait
Wait  Wait Peppa is
saying with all her face that she did not
speak about the subject again that it was
AR de Troya's fault wait to put it
into context okay to put it
into
context a little bit let's remember a little a
little eh It's
not everything but a little bit the use that Peppa has made of cancer to attack me okay pii pii meow meow meow meow it's normal that happens to many women all the women in the world have their breasts operated on and a malignant tumor in the lung on the same day with eh
have you seen about the lung how how they
lie and the good thing is that they are also to
blame I was the first one who
said cancer well it wasn't something it was
something where a bixia was done it was decided to
remove a sleeve smaller than
a lighter that is to say the butt of a
lighter So what happened is that
later there were spasms cracked
the word cancer was said because we didn't know
exactly Okay We all got into trouble
we got into trouble
recently they removed a
piece of her lung come on sea
come on So you will know
why she had cancer and pass er the  paper
to follow a small
chemo treatment and but maybe it's
not like the first maybe it's like
the second milder or we don't know if
Mars I won't know and but yes
yes I'm going to have to
do it
again now I'm already adapting to this now
this is already a game Loli they told her what she has to do they
have to do a
little chemo on her I know it's the first I don't know
what to tell you But what if it's the same as the
first it doesn't matter I didn't get over it Well it was the
same she said the word cancer because we didn't
know exactly Okay We all got into a mess
we got into a mess in the chat of
this Javi channel saying that
mom to the girl who was making it up
Isabel polom Molina says It doesn't bother me
but I realize that this woman
is not well Isabel poolina Of course she's not
well she has lung cancer daughter
the word cancer was said because we didn't
know exactly Okay We
all got into a mess we got into a mess Well she doesn't
have it anymore because it was removed don't
say that anymore because that's it It's just that it's a
real pain
look at Thank you other 10 family Hey
other 10  from enc enc Thank you
so much thank you so much enc
Hear a round of applause not in the chap to our
enc Total that total that Peppa says
that this has been the fault of those of
Troy that she has barely
mentioned it And I'm sorry I have to say it
like this what a
jerk at that moment she thought that it is like that or not that I no longer
know Antonio was guilty and
that he could not even move from the pain Well
then I do not group that
eh And I have never transferred it here what a
group I have never transferred it here
because I have not
spoken about Loli's illness as if
she were not here when she has been
on my
channel man what are we talking about
something so serious so strong man like like
the one we are talking about arguing about whether
I have given you a super chat or not
given you a super chat and now between
them they are going to devour each other
eh says Mar Azul I have a photo of my
father when he was young does it seem to you send it to me sea and we will
see it send it to me if you want by
WhatsApp and we will see it Look there I will
put the WhatsApp for you wait there is the
WhatsApp the
V because I think it is something intimate happens
that this is already  it has burst So when it
bursts it has burst we have to
put alcohol on it now so that it doesn't get
infested what face man what face man I have
never spoken about anything else about Loli
about her problem with her illness
she had enough with overcoming it
with joy that she has never spoken Well
let's continue
is it like this or not angel who has never
spoken those of you who are saying here that it is
pitiful with another's illness Loli
entered Peppa Beltrán's Channel to
tell what was happening to her And she said that she
was tired of hiding something as normal
as that she
told you the word cancer because we didn't
know exactly Okay We got into trouble
between us all we got into trouble she thinks that even better
really there is something on my
head or something like that but there is someone
who started the war the same thing you did the
other time when you found out that I was
in the hospital and I was weak there was
pum to crush and this time the same thing has been
found this time but you
know that I have that call that they
sent it to me from your live eh
Ah the face of Revich's face do you remember
That call  from the hospital Yeah well they
sent it to me
Ah well look Well very well eh that doesn't
enter me the first thing she thinks she says
like a person first thinks
reconsiders she says tuillo let's see another one
Well I think I don't need to
give you more examples we already know that she is
lying here saying that she
hasn't mentioned it So it was the other one It's that
this This I didn't expect eh
now I see everything Elena what you're
sending me but this This answer is
brutal no I mean this answer you
expected it is that although it costs
work here the
only one the only well Antonio also
lived it Antonio within
his self that I know saw her already with her back
with staples And that's Antonio's problem
No friend I have never said that
how heavy no family is throwing
[ __ ] at the other and saying that it is the other one who
has said false things and she hasn't
but it's that not even between them same
guy in canni in canni Thank you very much in canni
Hey family in canni has given 40
members what a push it has given him in
carni this not this afternoon no how do you
see it how does Elena see it
Elena  you are a member By the
way you can expect everything from this
woman Elena you are a member By the way or
what Or have you not become a member yet
the other day I became a member of your
channel
eh And she got that from the flight
come to suck everything but here in
this Ah look if she is a member yes she is a member
okay channel that has not been talked about
I have already tried very hard eh
Elena has tried very hard that this subject is not talked about
eh she has tried very hard that
these subjects are not talked about
okay ha have been careful eh she has been
prudent the woman has been prudent
and I am speaking today because there is
so much [ __ ] they
are saying that Loli has said
that she has not had Cancer already look at her
words she
says imma but it was given to you Javi
Hey imma you should never be rude to
a gift imma why are you saying
that Well even though it was given to me the
member on Elena's Channel I
feel it as
my own I feel it as
my own and what they have wanted to make it
seem
you have cancer first from one mother
then from
another Ah so now she is saying  that if he
had it again he has a terrible time
for a long
time they give you a check-up and come there
tomorrow tomorrow I'm going to hear it from
Loli Huerta's voice those days
in And if two fingers of seriousness of
seriousness he's going to say those audios are
true he's going to put audios or in plan
if he's going to immolate himself completely let's see
am I understanding wrong or in the two clicks
that we are seeing he's saying that he's going
to put audios of that group that they had
talking about
cancer of course let's see It's that this is that he ca
n't do this let's see They
sent me a photo
of but this photo do you want me to put it
on the screen Hey
lady What's the woman's name Angelina
Angelina do you want me to put the photo on the
screen or what But hey what a
father And what a mother So handsome it's not true it's true Hey I appear there a little eh since he left me The mustache since he left me if Antonio had been serious he wouldn't invent scars and you would have denied it But well Elena it's that these people lied to you about that like they lied about
what it was that they lied that they
bet  the
Elena channel what was it that they lied that they
bet the channel also that it was something
also from Loli No yes no if I remember correctly what it was that was
put look look it
says I am blue sea My father my
mother and I if you want I will put it on the
screen okay so that people can see it
what is it what is it that he said I
bet the channel what is it that
also the ar of Troy in that
case he said like Well I don't know what and
Peppa said no no no I know I
know a kiss a kiss Angeline I don't know if you
are listening to me Antonio David's dinner
with Loli in Granada that was very
good Silvia that was that was look look what does she
want me to put it Angeline eh Look what a
beautiful family Look what a
beautiful family Angeline has look at her father and
her mother What does Angeline say that I
look like him the father man Hey Angeline can
you imagine your
father telling the gossip then a
kiss Angeline Thanks for the photo Hey
look look What a pretty thing eh
Look what a
doll the dinner
was the dinner was Of course  yes of course
yes the scene was that he said no no I have
seen it I assure you Antonio you and I
know it Antonio you and I know it he said
and he says Antonio well well we think so we
think so and she no I'm not playing
the channel How good what lying
tricksters they are eh what lying
tricksters they are
eh I'm
exaggerating That's their problem that
the flight they took is eation it
's the flight's fault for having
mentioned it eh
what can I say there n n nothing if you haven't
said anything about the 240 we're
still waiting for the paper what are you going to say about
this you're messing with me
Elena Elena you're messing with me Well
now when I'm done give me the minutes
or give me what I have to put okay you
're messing with me Elena but that's
illegal but that's very illegal
Elena how has something that Alena is telling me come true that they
're telling me that I'm an
accomplice of I don't know what I don't know how much you don't
have that they're putting the video where I
lando
hayno if she has Loli's permission Of course she
has
[Music] permission really
really that I have thrown the
answer for what I'm going to say
right now because I think that she is already more
than tired and of explaining things and
then don't come to me I'll get ahead of those
who
say a kiss Roman I don't know why you never
listen to what Roman says
my poor little thing always gives member gives
super chat the poor little thing we don't hear him
Roman nothing's happening nothing's happening friend
teos we feel present It's not that you in
a private audio said I don't know what the
other one I can think white today tomorrow I can think
black the day after tomorrow I can
think pink and the next one blue okay And
that doesn't make me any less credible or
different from any of you Good
night Jose Well yes I have messed up a little
So since I am neither white nor
black I am not from one extreme or the other and I
can change my opinion based on what
reaches my ears or what I see or what I
present that
interests you or rather you the v you
adapt it And that's it Nothing happens I feel like it
like any of you I
can tell the person privately what
I think and that should never have been made
public because it was a private audio. No.
Look, one thing is, you [ __ ], that you made
the civil guard waste time, you
shouldn't have done that either, [ __ ],
okay, but one thing is that you have an
opinion and you say, Hey, well, I think
Loli doesn't have cancer and she lied to us.
Hey, I think she does. Hey, there are
people who can believe it, listen to me, if
you think it's normal that she comes out with a
dancing dove on the same day that she had surgery on
two parts of her body, front and
back. Well, you can, you have the
right to believe whatever you want,
okay, there are people who believe the Three Wise Men,
but one thing is that you believe and that you
say, Hey, this is my opinion and another
thing is what you say in the audio, [ __ ],
in the audio you say that your sister denied it,
no, it doesn't
work, it doesn't
work, my next witch from Alma
sencilla says, pud la salsería Javi Veira. I
don't understand why on telesalseo you won't
let me renew, that you won't renew,
witch. But why? Look, see  what
happened witch Hey someone give her
some members chairs no witch
throw the audio in my face again I'm going to
send them to hell that's where they
belong Oh whoever throws the audio in her face whoever
throws the audio in her
face is going to send them to hell Well
take it send us all to hell send us
all to hell and
here's another clip to the H Civi
idiot but like a day or two ago
Well another piece of information comes to me
and it's not just from
a family member it's also from someone
different from the other one from the
other one and I can't say
more so
you're like pl and say I'm
preparing this to stop on the fly and I
'm finding out about this
other thing
[Music]
and what do you do at that moment What do you do
eh If it's a lie you can leave
YouTube now she
posted it what do you do when you've been
defending someone for a year and in a few days
you find out that what others are
saying could be true and someone on the
other hand confirms from a source that it is
true  what you're saying I do
n't know what
shame you have no shame you have no
shame
none of you a chair like that with a robe and
a hat
eh I saw that Well if it's in Patri
Pérez imagine me if she
's on show after hearing that I
can assure you that the least of your
concerns are what they want to think eh the
freaky tuers the flight or each one
individually or You spend a year
defending a person and fighting with
her with the world for her to save
face and in a matter of days you find yourself they
tell you from various sources that it
's a lie how does it look on you
and then when I get it the first
time they brought
this out a kiss Javi thank you very much Hey
Javi has given away five members a round of
applause chat eh what a shameless man
but what a note what's the point I mean
imagine you putting yourself in the
situation of this mam racho what would be the point to
[ __ ] and continue lying and the
next day appear to say something else and
the next day another if it's a lie man and and it
came out that it's a lie don't deny it anymore
say if they lied  They haven't lied, I
believed it and I was covering for her And I told
this little lie, I told this little lie
that I saw the staples to keep up with her, what do I
know?
No, no, another one that doesn't get the
sound right at the time she told us that the
flight was saying it was true, the one who
had cancer is her sister
and I've been covering her up all this
time so as not to discover her and
destroy her. Thank you for putting it on. She's
seeing the payment she's giving
and talking to the sister and getting the
audio out. It was to shut
Jordi and grandpa's mouths now. That's what it was about.
Sitting down, let's
listen to it again, you loser, what a loser you are, man, what a
loser, what a
loser. Hey, witch just gave away
another five. Thank you very much, sweetheart. Were you
able to become a member? So what?
What a
loser. And they both have one thing in common,
Mr. Javier Oliveira, and the flight
have one thing in common: the lack of this.
Ah, the lack of money. I have one because he
received it and Loli suddenly disappeared.
Yeah, well, suddenly, no, loser, she disappeared because we kicked her
out, she disappeared because we kicked her out and
because you  you put it in your you
know in your move so that he would
give you the money
and the other because he never
saw it That is the common reason that
Mr. Javier has Oh this mantra sounds so
pathetic and so childish even telling
people this and that there are people
My poor little short one who repeat it man
when it's all there
man and Mr. Jord from the flight Hello mu
Good night lol it is not explained very
well either, already zama we are not all professors we do not all have
studies we do not all
understand anymore there is no need to even
say it son Let's see they are sending me
this that apparently they did
a live show yesterday with Peppa and I can't believe it,
a kiss
ROM says Remember that this guy knew
the whole truth and hid it to throw
against the channels s s s Yes
exactly that your husband has not gone out for a
run unless this gym has come
out that he is in your house you heard it
no man he greeted me you heard it was
him so they
invent
such an enormous capacity for invention that
these should have been
no longer directors but
film producers  screenwriters of but of in addition
to J Hey how embarrassing that
these people are talking to each other truth after
the things that have been said and that they have
taken from each other Eh This always has to be kept in
mind either Peppa
started saying that Loli's money was
dirty money and laughed
okay then Loli started saying about Peppa the
240 was taken out by Loli and and that the
son was going to falsify a
paper of that morbid things and let's go I do
n't know if this afternoon I will call or what
And tell him that he is going to
call for the
inventions that you are missing here
better in
Spain because they are liars They are liars they
are Look Peppa
you on screen this is a live of yours
Peppa
Look well no lie this is a live
of Loli Look Loli I connect on
screen for the
foundation look look at the licon this on
screen
foundation you have to have it eh And now I
say They are and I put them all in yes take it all by
alluded to all
all There is one thing There is one thing
that I have been doing in private for a long time
but now I am going to make it public Let's see say
publicly
I say that has to
of what goes with my hand I don't know if he
was done or not
done but everything
that Joana Morillas said is a lie and
what is there of what is asked by me
begged by
me he is not going to enter this game Ah no no no
but it's not that it's not that
look how I don't enter anymore I don't no No it's that
I'm the one who has asked and
begged him not to enter this game Ah
totally gentlemen a long time ago a
long time eh gentlemen a long
time ago that's it I'm collaborating with it I
eh collaborates with it Peppa okay collaborates with it I really
want to do many things that that already Wait Wait
Look we are uh we
agreed that we already
agreed the day that I did it that day
yes block would be the
last saying I told him
literally as you stick up for
me I'll block you and I don't want to know anything about
you you don't have to get involved in this
because this is one These are some
garbage Loli said to Antonio David
as you stick up for me I'll block you
Well only
Antonio David would have been great  I think so but come on you
're telling me, I mean here they're
further smearing Antonio David because
of course they're saying that Antonio David
wanted to save face for Loli, this has to
be incredible,
no, I mean if this were true what
these people are saying,
this is already incredible you have to go about
your business and forget about it, is it like that or is it not like
that, eh well, eh yes, more or less, more or
less. Of course, of
course, a long time ago but not for long, not
now they're saying that Antonio David
is with her and that he wanted to defend her
but she stopped her, no, you don't
understand it
like that, no, no, my goodness, not for
long, but Loli, it's been a long
time that they've been, it's been a long
time since the one who
asked her, begged her and pleaded with her not to
come in and I keep begging
and pleading with her not to come in, it was
me, it's not any of this
garbage that they're
saying So,
wow, the number of times that you've told me such
terrible things
that we got out of there on foot because you
left the same day as me, from the
radio, I'm going to say from the radio,
eh  And that I gave you now as I'm seeing you
telling her the things what are you
saying I said before aer in a this
that I was ashamed of having been your
friend and I will repeat it until you
back down and say that you have equ
made a mistake yes I think that Johana is not
ashamed of having been your friend
Peppa I think that anyone would be
delighted with Presumptive friendship with you
the one of Big Brother that does not talk about Big
Brothers that right now all the
Big Brothers are involved in
the new edition and all the
Big Brothers are on their Twitter in their
networks talking about the subject Plato invites
a lot of Big Brothers okay or
the other d there were a
few there Dani Lucía and you Here talking
about Javi Oliveira and getting together with this
lady to give it to Javi Oliveira
inventing a
cancer while the other Big
Brothers are with what is with his
Big Brother you with your thing
you with your with your story with your
habi Oliveira and the others with his Big
Brother Antonia av yes she has
spoken
eh Not in that way
okay in that
way eh
[Music]
has spoken out he has spoken out
saying that he is not going to speak out That
was the statement okay
eh Let's see let's listen to it basically
answering Johana Morilla eh From what
Johana Morilla said the other day that
in the end how we got tangled up with
the Tania thing we didn't see this I
left this out because since what happened at the
university and all that stuff happened we don't
hold him responsible for what he says not
for what others understand and that each
one is the owner of his silence And that doesn't give
anyone the right to interpret them as they
please and make their interpretation a
sentence or a condemnation every day around
us there are countless
situations okay here what
the freaks are saying I understand it as
well that each one has the
right to speak out on a subject or
not to speak out If you don't want to
speak out That doesn't mean that you support
a person or that you don't support them since you
haven't spoken out we can't
assume if you are For or
against what you've done, what
that person is coming out  ok I
totally agree that you can
speak out or not speak out whenever you
want, of course, not that the people, I have
said it eh, don't go after
the people, I see a lot of people who
are there behind one and behind the other.
Hey, but you, but now what are you saying now,
no, well, everyone will know, man, what I do
see, okay, is that when he came out to
say that the rest of us have crushed
poor Loli, then of course, if you have
spoken out on one thing and not on the other, it
seems a little strange, okay. But hey,
each
one of us is there with our things and our
communities and how we handle our issue, okay,
decisions about actions in any
political, social, economic,
personal area, etc., there are many with whom we do not
agree and many others that
we reject absolutely, but there would not be enough
hours in the day for each
of those things. Well, we could
express ourselves or take a position, therefore, each one
is free and makes their choice and decides what to do
and what not to do and cannot or should not
demand that others opt for their
decision, therefore, that silence does not
mean that we support, we simply
choose if one and  I'm going to talk about myself now
if I go to war I will have to
do it with all the consequences and
when the enemy faces me I will have to
fight and not start crying
demanding positions from others
Because those others will be fighting their
own war here basically he is
talking about that well if there are
others who have decided to have a war
Okay then they have to fight with whoever they
are fighting with Okay but not demand from the
others that I know that I know that they join
him in the war not if he gets into a
war I totally agree with
what the freaks are saying okay I mean
if you for yourself it has happened to me eh if
you on your own have decided to start
a war with someone then you cannot
demand from others that they have to
join you in that war because yes okay the
point is that he has already spoken eh He has already
positioned himself on the side of that woman okay that is
the issue of people demanding from
one or the other Hey but you the issue is
because he has already positioned himself you understand that
you do not want problems with that person
well okay okay but of course  that in
his day had no problem throwing a
truckload of [ __ ] at the
rest of us But anyway,
I also have
a small thing to correct here, there is no war, there
is no war in fact, for
example, on this side, on this side, they have
stopped us from asking to be left in peace. There
is no war here, one people are
crushing another,
these people are crushing another
to squeeze
Loli, I mean these people, I'm not referring to these
people, I'm referring to Peppa, Ar de
Troya, and Tania, all those who have
gone against Telesalseo and those who
are with Telesalseo and have
joined forces to crush Telesalseo
and all for the common good that was Loli, do you
understand me? In that
case, there is no war here, it's when
both are at war, but I
'm not at war with those people, she would like this.
This is what
she would like, for me to be at war with
her. The thing is that
all I do is speak out
when there are important things, like
now, acts of a third party, when these
acts are judicialized, then it
can  It can have consequences and not
very positive ones So let's think a
little bit, let's be coherent and And that
each one thinks what they have to
do corresponding to their actions and
their words, their silences are always
respectable And well then a very very very
big kiss to the moderators of the
chat, I subscribe to what you have said and
come on eh indeed less judgments and and
more attitudes and that's it and leave that, it is
very important That is the subject Yes, it is
important to me at least it is
important
and c always so that is what is very good
girls I think that in the end, picking up
that last phrase of yours about pointing the
finger, in the end I think that eh it is necessary
for others Because I see it not because I
lie but it is necessary for the others
that I have put in all the privates
continuously, I do not know if it is because
this promotes e more attention, more
views eh more expectation, it
is not that this is already thrown because it is that they
bring me into the subject because let's see It is that
this is already clear This is being said
Yana I understand no but
I have seen this answered on Twitter many
times  It's not that they're putting me in the mix
Because if they put my name it would get more
visits. I think this is no longer
current. Maybe at
some point. Yes, of course, maybe
at some point. Well, yes, we're not going to
deny it. No, that man who was more
eh that people demanded more content
about Antonio David and maybe if you
put Antonio in the title if Anton
was involved, well, such. But man,
currently I think that Antonio avid, who
by his own decision is in a
lower profile, is there with his
community, you know. It's no longer the issue. If
people ask him about someone, it's
because he is someone who has been part
of his community and who has been known for
him, it's not because of someone else. It's like. If suddenly,
imagine that I'm going to give you the example,
imagine that tomorrow it
suddenly comes out that Elena
has murdered
someone. How could people not come to
ask me, saving the distances,
obviously, okay, imagine that Elena
has done something very bad, very serious, very
questionable, how could people not come
to tell me, Hey, this is the one you brought,
this is it. What is this, not the one?  you now what is it you're going to put it in
Here you're also
going to say that it's good it's
normal it's normal that you don't want to get
involved in this issue because I know it
compromises you you don't want to be
splashed because I understand that maybe
now suddenly Well if he
eh yes he suddenly now speaks out
against Loli Huerta Maybe now
Loli Huerta releases Don Quixote and maybe well
no Hey I'm not interested this war is
not mine And then of course
his mistake was to take a position at another time
last year a year and a half ago okay And
right now this is going to splash on me
and I don't want this to splash on me
Now I'm speaking out because I'm
sure that Antonio David and any of
those who don't speak out I'm sure that
they are completely against
what Loli has done I have no
doubt about it another thing is whether you say it or not
sincerely I don't think that Anton
in his house would say well what
Loli has done not even jokingly
or
jokingly what happens is that obviously well
now it's in your interest to get involved and
have her
against you because he's calm because he's doing
his thing, whatever is worth it. I
understand that. The problem is that it's normal
for people to complain about it when you
've spoken out about something else that wasn't
true. I don't know, but of course I
speak out when I want about what I
want and I enter, as lofly said,
into the war that I want and I choose the
enemies that I want. I consider myself a
person who has always tried, within
their possibilities, to advise and help
others, but that's it. eh. After that,
everyone is free to choose, decide. The
paths of life are the paths
of the Lord. Leave me alone, because
you want to, attention, no attention,
okay? Fine. Finish merc says you can't say at
this moment,
major. Then yes, it's true
that there's something that I don't know
what they're
talking about. Majo, I send you a huge kiss. The one who
sent me this tweet
supporting me, look, I'm not from Javi
Oliveira, everyone knows it, but you
don't play with people's bread, and what
amazes me the most is that this comes from
people who defend  the bread of others if It is
confirmed it seems dirty to me and
that he is destroying many of my things
Well of course it is confirmed or rather let's
see if it is confirmed if it is confirmed okay
that it was the decision of the
University to cancel that presentation because
no that looks like it is not
but the intention is yes
understand me the intention is
[Music] let's
see she was telling me on that same call
that morning Wait wait
wait that morning when I arrive
a little bit Ah I'm telling you eh there there it
seems like a bit of a setup no ch
handsome I believe another story I think so let's
see you will disappoint me a lot eh if it were
a setup with the
setup I say
eh At least
and it has nothing to do with a setup it
has nothing to do with a setup it is what she
was waiting to do when I
arrived because she was telling me on that
same call That morning that listen
Listen to this is because Lappa
started saying yesterday that I was the one who said that
Ángel was going to falsify the document of
the 240 that he hasn't shown it
today because we already know everything that he did
with the 240 okay  but here they are
taking out these people that no Loli said it
Loli said it but I don't know
why they lie one thing that is there I do
n't understand why they lie one thing
that is
there wait I in the in a live that I did I
said that Thank goodness Angel
wasn't at home because if not maybe they would have
looked for a worse problem of
course looked for is in relation to what you are
going to say
now well she would have looked for it because what
she was waiting for
is to see if somehow she could
change that date and show it that
Monday
I how strong is this kid
was Peppa according to Loli waiting for
Angel to get home that day from
work to falsify the paper and
deceive everyone even more with
the issue of the
God
kid and this is brought out by Loli who
nowadays meets with Loli her and she had
done it that Monday and
J show it that
Monday because what she was
waiting for is to see if somehow she
could change that date and show it
that Monday no because what she was
waiting for is to see if somehow she
could change that date  And show it
that Monday because what she was
waiting for was to
see if somehow she could
change that date And show it that Monday
and she had done it that Monday and I know it
100% I this and I know it
100% to see if somehow she could
change that date And show it that Monday
and she had done it that Monday and I know it
because I was talking
just when the
live
development started
talking Peppa just when the
live
development started
My God and Hey we don't have the pppa's cl
saying that this is a lie to do it
is
more
her those of the
cap
fast the videos
and her and more
people the videos
[Music]
Tell me a minute
Elena Total that yesterday she apparently
said that this was a
lie let's
see what a shame
to you that are not worse if kids
or
ladyship what a
shame let's see wait let's
look for it son of when The deception and the
forgetting of the 240 No yes sir according to Loli
the son was this pppa was
waiting for the son to come to
falsify a paper
No Well then there's Loli, do
n't follow me with that, eh, member for 15
months,
thank you very much, Loli never said
that, Loli said, I spoke to
Loli in the morning, I told her that I was going to
do a live show to show the
paper, she says, I mean, but I'm going to wait for
Angel to come so we can do the live show
together,
and they what what. Also, I think it was either
Er Guindi or other people who
said look, and on top of that, she says she's going to
wait for the son, but Loli assures me, she
says, pppa, I'm like crazy looking for that one,
I'm still, I'm the truth, why are we going
because the truth is, she doesn't care if
the aunt slanders the son. Well, slander or we do
n't know because Loli assures you
100% that it's true, but as long
as Peppa has Loli's money, she doesn't
care, it's Javi's fault, that's it.
Take it up the
ass, I gave him credit but I really haven't
seen any clicks or where Loli
told me but even Tom
Tom has it here, a thousand, Lisardo just
gave away 10 members, Lisardo. Thank you very much,
very handsome, a kiss. Hey, remember
to  everyone
who can become members or give
members, it's not like we're 15 people if
everyone gives one away we'll get it Well, not even
with that we'll get the kids it's
complicated getting the kids they've set they've
set the bar very
high she told me that same call that
morning Wait wait I'll
dig it
[Music]
at least
and there's nothing to do with editing
I'm in a live show that I did I was
looking for it because what she was doing
was to see if somehow we could
change that date And show it that Monday
and she had done it that Monday and I
know There you have it,
your mother He gets together with a woman to
get money from her she says that you were going to
commit a crime of forgery of
something related to cancer
kid, cloth eh kid inus so what I'm
telling you is that I always say it Even if he
told me that it's not that I don't know
Even if he told me that it's not
true it's not that big of a deal he was
angry he was angry at that moment and
maybe he said Well I was waiting for the
son for that it's not that big of a deal okay they
paint him as if he were the megadito
that I don't know what I don't know  it's not a mead crime
that goes that goes that goes They paint it badly they
paint it
so you're telling me as if I were
here that he called me a real murderer
that if it were that it's not that big of a deal eh
that crime eh that crime is it's
light when Elena of
today that it's not that big of a deal that family in
the case that Loli has accused him of that it's
not that big of a deal the crime eh what I'm
saying about the
forgery Yes yes
yes what I'm the one who says that Yes
yes Loli do you remember that we were
talking about it and we were looking and we couldn't
find him because whoever said about the
forgery Angel we think it was the
same look look even Loli says that they were
waiting for him to
come Cos it surprises me that they said it like that
what I think I think is that
maybe Loli in her rage when she
looks at us she knows that Loli said that what
happens is that she knows that the mother is
not going to stop talking to Loli
because no that she wants Loli's money
that she's been trying to get close to
Loli's dirty money of always the
money  dirty according to her worth And Pepa
is trying to say that
Javi said it you know and Angel is
saying no mom they are going to take the
click away from us I think that Loli in a moment of
anger did tell us but oh well it's
not that bad you understand I mean she
is trying to Lead the
mother you understand I mean Peppa is
trying to say no that it's a
lie that Loli didn't say that Because
Peppa is going to get together with Loli and if she
can keep giving Loli 240 in super
chat every time she is going to take it she is she is
Loli Loli
has Loli's wallet on her since Loli
was here it was Antonio's channel
av it's her it's her topic and she is not going to
defend her son if Loli has said
look eh LoL Loli is high on
what she has told her son that Lolly
has said that the son is going to falsify the
paper Javi told her Take it up the ass I am
not going to stop talking to Loli and
the son who knows that it is true that he
knows that Loli yes  he has told her, well, the
son is saying no, mom, let's see, I think
that Loli did say it. I think that
Loli did say it, but well, it's a
moment of anger. And in a moment of anger, well, they
say stupid things, it's not that bad,
mom, it's not that
bad, it's that bad, damn, they're
telling you that you were going to falsify a paper for
a cancer donation, it's not that
bad, ang, tell you that and he's hanging
out with your mother, let's say
my mother is going to hang out with a person who
said about me
right away, or at least she has to, that she has to
portray herself. Well, she got into a fight with you, etc.,
etc. Well, he said something out of rage, maybe
that's what he said out of rage, he said it
out of rage, I interpret it, eh, wait a
minute, he's waiting to
change it or something like that, I have to
falsify, I mean, he's
waiting to change it. You can't
hear the music, but ang says
that maybe what Loli said wasn't
falsifying but changing the date, I mean,
look how he
knows the clip perfectly, look how
he knows the clip perfectly  he's
saying that Loli didn't say
falsify she said change the date
ordained and change the date which is what it is
from a paper of a donation from a
dog change the date which is norta get out of the
bread Hey Elena, you have to see that they said
that he murdered Elwin Arrieta when
he didn't murder him he punched him seven
times he opened his head with the
sink and he cut it with the knife he did
n't dismember it either eh What's
happening is that Ali cutting the pieces with the
knife they
separated host
man get out of the
bread How the mother is sinking her
own son eh how embarrassing that you don't
even look after the honor of your son aunt that
you care more about the
fuss that you're making on the internet what this that
here what this that you know there
Lucia a kiss beautiful and that you don't care
even about the honor of your son and that you are
publicly sinking the image of your son that this is this is the
digital footprint of your son the
digital footprint of your son is the breaded one who
tried to defend the mother from
forgetting the 240 and that now and
that now the other one tells him that he was going to
falsify the paper and all that stuff and
you don't care, he's making a
fool of himself on the internet and the
money for this one too, tell me and show me
When I say that, kids, I want to
apologize publicly Oh, Loli
sent a super chat and says Javi Look, look, look, look, I ca
n't believe it, I can't believe it,
Javi Put this one too, come on, let's
put it there, I can't believe it, tell me and
show me When I say that, dude, let's
put this one on publicly Well,
look Loli, they've already put the click on you, the
flight guys here, we've put it back on you
too. Okay, now
drag me, keep giving him money because
Peppa says it's dirty money Open the door to the
postman and take our lawsuit because you're
also going to have to
apologize to us and you're also going to have to
pay us, but why is he going to force you?
Hey, while the lady pays me and not
the 15 people who are here, to be the
members, nothing's wrong
either. God of my
life and well, let's see, to close
today I'm
leaving.
Hey, the audios, where is Elena putting
the audios
here?  here are the audios
What a shame for 300 people with whom she
has stayed She is already
leaving my people are here Hello Hello Hello How are
my
people my gang now let's make a
Gang Hello guys nothing I didn't say anything
because as I don't know anything Neither do I because they
told me that they are going to repeat
the x-ray because it doesn't look very good
according to the doctor and they will repeat it on Monday
morning and on Monday afternoon I
have a doctor So neither good nor bad nothing they didn't
tell me anything It has to be repeated the
only thing that has to be repeated is the x-ray
and that's it until Monday afternoon no I do
n't know the result of my tests but
let's say they will be good but
the
x-ray has to be repeated second audio that
Loli sent me this afternoon if you can't
screw up you only have
two pusi she says if you can't screw up
you have when she sends me this
audio Hello guys everything is fine okay everything is
fine and that's it everything is fine okay
Kisses and we'll talk okay
Kisses when she sends me this audio that
I
saw it today I tell her really You swear to me
because I know her and the way
she  she's telling me I
say Here things don't look good things don't look good
here things don't look
good Hi guys everything's fine okay everything's
fine show these audios s everything's fine
already we'll talk okay now we're
going to have dinner a kiss to both of you and we'll
talk okay everything's fine of course here it
gets to you I suppose that she was with
people from her family Loli doesn't live alone
Loli She's not
demanding and she couldn't talk the things
that she had to
tell us there and she knows it I'm
starting to get lame because on top of that I'm very
hypochondriac I
thought Pepa was such a hypochondriac when they
gave the donations to telesalseo she would
tell them on a paper as if they were
hers it's that I don't understand what
these audios show and that's it everything's fine
okay Kisses and we'll talk okay
Kisses we'll talk
Hi guys eh Nothing to say that on
Friday around 9 in the morning I come in
quir Yes everything's fine already we'll talk okay
now we're going to have dinner a
kiss to both of you and we'll talk okay
everything's fine profane they're going to take a  little
piece of lung which is not very
delicate because eh my lungs are
fine and strong It's just that I have metastasis it
has helped me a little bit of metastasis
through an area of ​​​​the lung and you have to
cut a little piece that regenerates over
time and there is no problem Most
likely they will not have to do my Kim
Depending on how it comes out of
the lung if they cut a piece it
regenerates again as if you were
dispol that's how it works family let's see if
the wound can heal no And the
scar But regenerate if they cut a
piece of
lung inside you do not have to do
treatments and decide that I have already
asked for the 85 okay I like them
smaller now I would not know how to see myself with
a 90 and what are you saying about the
sudden boob operation and also for
what
eh Nothing send lots of kisses and
calm down it's nothing it's nothing it's not it's not serious it's not
serious It's
a metastasis a
metastasis but it's not good for me
chemo but it's not serious it's not in
the entire lungs nor is it nor is it serious
fatal it's not fatal it's not like there is
many lung cancers and mine can be
fixed So she's calling it cancer
again
fight So let's get to it let's
fight and let's tell this thing that we're
here to
fight come on a thousand kisses and lots of strength
Okay and going forward I'll tell you
things I'll tell you things when I'm
recovered Of course but I don't understand why
come on kisses It's that I don't understand what
these audios are proving or
rather these audios that are proving
that she that she was the one who started
with the lie what the hell do these
audios show Peppa that she started with the
lie and And you guys went along with
it because it was
Loli to my mother just in case
someone picks up the phone to my mother so
you know that it's an operation to put
breasts on me okay the others do know today like
that but for my mother it's an operation
to put breasts on me let's see this audio
she could have recorded it this morning but I do
n't understand what it is what what it is that
this proves so nothing kisses
there Hi
guys there there I notice her I notice
her there that even though she wants to laugh and so
on  I know her well and I
knew her
well and I
say her
voice breaks and these people from those
toxic channels come to
say that we have been complicit in a
huge lie and that and I don't know
what and that Johana eh I have to
tell Loli to get ready and that and that
the family and someone has to that to
get her out of me from
you now I don't know where I'm
going Yes, everything is fine, already, already eh Nothing to say
that on Friday around 9 in the
morning I go into the operating room they are going to
remove a piece of my lung which
is not very delicate because I don't understand a
thing Okay family, I don't understand a
thing what she's trying to do I mean, there it is, ah, it's
going to be an escape forward
until the end and this It's going to be the roll
of these people and forever and that's it,
without further ado, let's see family,
I think the time has come for you to
know
the day that the programs with
Marina start esnal back
okay, I think the time has come for you to
know the
exact day that the programs
with Marina start
[Music]
Good evening family How are you?
I hope you had a
spectacular Tuesday Well I'm here today in very
good company I don't think
many introductions are necessary But hey how are
you Marina esnal well well well
what we were talking about before that you've
even done your hair this that you have we have
set ourselves first date has to
be special
Sunday dah
heartbeats
[Music]
[Music] We'll be
waiting for you Here's your place there's your
place Wednesdays Sundays are
yours And they will be when you return okay
thank you very much to everyone and a
huge huge kiss but not to m where do they have to
regenerate the
linked to al
Well I'm waiting for
Joe's super chat to come in to close let's see if it
comes in it's taking a long time you already have
the date the 29th of this month okay there
are two Sundays in between that there are
not two Sundays in between
that there are
not there
but
no I don't know if it's done on purpose or a
coincidence but the last live show with
Marina was on September 25th
2023 a year cu days later a year
nailed it eh
a nailed it year
eh a nailed it year Well there are two Sundays
in between you know that this one we're going to be
back at full speed with the content okay I
also have to close with the girls
for that chat that I think if
they agree we could
schedule it on Mondays I don't know if they'll
agree and and to have the
chat there with with Alanne with Carmen with
Elena with everyone okay those who
can every day obviously
We're also commenting on Big Brother you already
know and well family I send you a kiss
well through there comes a super
racel chat let's
listen to it let's listen to it and we'll say
goodbye as soon as it comes on And
well here we're going to be giving it our all
we're going to take telesalseo once again
to the elite of being the number number
one channel of the heart as it has always been
okay before this little break this
summer And to give it a lot of enthusiasm Hey family
as soon as I close the live I can't
send it because it has already premiered but
I would appreciate it if as soon as I close the
live you go and watch the video  from the
main channel which is pretty good
okay Adrian Marcelo takes down the house of
the famous and sends it to ruin Okay and
then after that later at night there will
be another video on the main channel
too
okay then at night there will be another video
Also on the main channel so
stay tuned there
okay Right now on the salsería I won't have
time today because today is Big
Brother I don't think there is much topic to
open live yes I have
for
newscasts What happens is I don't have
Editors man for the news now I'll see
now I'll see
but not to m where they have that I don't
miss the return of our beloved
Marina to the red fire heart full throttle everyone
here eh the day let's go let's
see full throttle everyone here on the 29th
not full throttle everyone every
day here on telesalseo okay handsome what I
said what I said I'll leave you here I'm
going to cut the live after
the news but well since
some super chat came in there Well I wanted them to
play and well I'm glad that
you  liked the
news and full throttle and family full throttle
without stopping and
full throttle here on Sundays and
Wednesdays with
her and I'm glad to have her
back here the truth is that I'm really looking forward to it you
know that not only because it is I already
force myself not to be here fulfilling
no but also we make a very good
tandem and we have a great time and it's two very very
beautiful hours It's two very
beautiful hours of Sundays and
Wednesdays that you have a great time
guys what I said is worth a huge kiss
Thank you very much for having spent the
afternoon here with us and we'll see each other
later we'll see each other on the main channel I
just uploaded a video on the
main channel okay but then at
night we'll see each other again so I'll
see you there a big
kiss fore